at this also my heart trembles and leaps
from its place here attentively the
thunder of his voice and the rumbling
that comes from his mouth
he sends it forth under the whole heaven
his lightning to the ends of the earth
after it a voice roars he thunders with
his majestic voice and he does not
restrain them when his voice is heard
God thunders marvelously with his voice
he does great things which we cannot
comprehend for he says to the snow fall
on the earth likewise to the gentle rain
and the heavy rain of his strength he
seals the hand of every man that all men
may know his work the beasts
go into dens and remain in their lairs
from the chamber of the south comes the
whirlwind and cold from the scattering
winds of the north by the breath of God
ice is given and the broad waters are
frozen also with moisture he saturates
the thick clouds he scatters his bright
clouds and they swirl about being turned
by his guidance that they may do
whatever he commands them on the face of
the whole earth he causes it to come
whether for correction or for his land
or for mercy listen to this o job stand
still and consider the wondrous works of
God do you know when God dispatches them
and causes the light of his cloud to
shine do you know how the clouds are
balanced those wondrous works of him who
is perfect and knowledge
why are your garments hot when he quiets
the earth by the Southwind with him have
you spread out the skies strong as a
cast metal mirror teach us what we
should say to him for we can prepare
nothing because of the darkness
should he be told that I wish to speak
if a man were to speak surely he would
be swallowed up even now men cannot look
at the light when it is bright in the
skies when the wind has passed and
cleared them he comes from the north as
golden splendor with God his awesome
majesty as for the Almighty we cannot
find him he is excellent in power in
judgment and abundant justice he does
not oppress therefore men fear him he
shows no partiality to any who are wise
of heart
[Music]